docs: add k8s manifest examples (#85)
seznam/slo-exporter: kubernetes/README.md

# Kubernetes manifests

> These serve mostly as an example. You will probably want to use kustomize or some other configuration/deployment tool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These serve as an example. You will probably want to use kustomize or some other configuration/deployment tool.
```

## Workload type

> We recommend using a StatefulSet instead of deployment to mitigate high churn in long term metrics.
> Predictable pod name which in the instance label makes it easier for Prometheus to calculate the SLO over long time
> periods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend using a StatefulSet instead of deployment to mitigate high churn in long term metrics - statefulset' strict pod name format (which is propagated to Prometheus' instance label) makes it easier for Prometheus to calculate the SLO over long time periods.
```

Author: Personally, `predictable` describes the StatefulSet pod name pattern better than `strict` but I might be wrong
Looking at the k8s docs, they use word `stable` :thinking:

Author: ```suggestion
We recommend using a StatefulSet instead of deployment to mitigate high churn in long term metrics - statefulset' stable pod name format (which is propagated to Prometheus' instance label) makes it easier for Prometheus to calculate the SLO over long time periods.
```

## Configuration

> We recommend to either build own docker image based on the upstream one with the configuration baked in or if using
> config maps, use some kind of versioning for it to allow rolling upgrades etc.
> 
> In this example we use it without the versioning just for simplification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend to either building own docker image based on the upstream one with the configuration baked in or including configuration as a versioned configmap(s), in order to simplify rollbacks.

In this example we use it without the versioning just for simplification.
```
